Clear Text:
To be, or not to be, that is the question:
Whether 'tis nobler in the mind to suffer
The slings and arrows of outrageous fortune,
Or to take Arms against a Sea of troubles,
And by opposing end them: to die, to sleep
No more; and by a sleep, to say we end
the heart-ache, and the thousand natural shocks
that Flesh is heir to? 'Tis a consummation
devoutly to be wished. To die, to sleep,
To sleep, perchance to Dream; aye, there's the rub,
for in that sleep of death, what dreams may come,
when we have shuffled off this mortal coil,
must give us pause.

Key:
ab
Encrypted text:
tp bf, os npt uo ce, uhbt js uhf qvettjoo:
wieuhfr 'uit npbmes io tie niod uo tugffr
uhf smiogt aod brsoxs pf puurbgfovs gostvnf,
os tp tbkf asmt ahajntt b sfa pf urpuclfs,
bne bz oqppsjnh eod uhfm: uo eif, tp smefp
oo nose; bne bz a tlfeq, tp sby xe fne
tie iebru-adhf, aod uhf tiovsbne nbtvrbl thpcls
uhbt glfsi it hfis tp? 'tjs b cpntunmbtjoo
dfvpuulz tp bf wjsiee. tp dje, uo tlfeq,
tp smefp, qesciaocf tp dsebm; byf, tiese't tie suc,
fpr jn uhbt tlfeq og dfauh, xhbt erfans naz cpmf,
wieo wf hbvf siugfmee ogf uhjs nostbl dojl,
nutt hiwe vs qavsf.

Key: kyb
Encrypted text:
dm co, ms xmu dm co, rikr jc rio ovoqusmo:
gffdffb 'rjc lpljfb go dff wgon rp csgpcs
dff cjjxet kle kpsyut yd perskefyst pmsdsoo,
ms dm ukif kpnc yhkgocr b ccb yd ubmvljfc,
yon zz ynqyqjxe fxb urcn: dm esc, uy qmocq
xm nypf; kle lw b cjfon, uy qbi uf ole
dff rcbbr-bmff, kle dff dfpeqbxb okrvbym cfpmit
dfbd dmoqi sq iogs dm? 'usq b mmocsnwyusmo
ncwysuvw uy zf ggtrce. dm esc, uy qmocq,
dm tvcfz, nfbaikldo rp npfkk; bic, urcso'q urc sez,
gyp jx rikr tvcfz mg ncbdf, xryu npfkkt wyz mmno,
uiol xo fbfc trsgpjfn mgp risq nypukj dygm,
wstd ejfc vc nbeqf.

Key: tobe
Encrypted text:
mc ci, hf osm hp fx, hiem wt xas ryxgumhb:
xlxhiik 'hjw gccpxf jr mvf qbbe xh gvjyss
xas tpbbhw tbe ekfpal cg snhsezspyl tpvmioi,
hf us moli tfnw tubmggu e lsb sy hssnpmil,
ooh um ptictmgu frw hiif: hp hbs, us lzfii
bp qhff; egr cc t gmixd, us loz ax soh
mvf lxosx-tqii, tbe xas ulhitegr oemisee gisvyt
xaou jestl bg iibf us? 'mwt e vcownanemwpr
wswsnhmc mc ci pwtlxr. us wwf, xh gmixd,
us lzfii, dfvvvbrvs us wffef; ozi, mvfvx'g ulx fvf,
ycs mg hiem gmixd pj wsbxa, kiem rsitat qtm dsfs,
xlxb xi aowi lvvjyzfh htg xawt qhfuee qpme,
avwm ujzx it ttiti.